README.md, before:

# Lowdefy Blocks for Ag-Grid

This repository provides blocks for [Ag-Grid](https://www.ag-grid.com/), a feature rich javascript grid and table library.

The implementation of these blocks is a minimal wrapper for the [@ag-grid-community/core
](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ag-grid-community/core) package. This means you write normal Ag-Grid config to create tables.

See the [Ag-Grid docs](https://www.ag-grid.com/documentation/react/getting-started/) for the table settings API.

## Blocks

Block types for supported [Ag-Grid themes](https://www.ag-grid.com/documentation/javascript/themes-provided/) are available for for `dispay` and `input` block categories.

### Block type Urls

The block types are hosted at:

- `AgGridAlpine`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
- `AgGridAlpineDark`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpineDark.json
- `AgGridBalham`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridBalham.json
- `AgGridBalhamDark`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridBalhamDark.json
- `AgGridMaterial`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridMaterial.json
- `AgGridInputAlpine`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputAlpine.json
- `AgGridInputAlpineDark`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputAlpineDark.json
- `AgGridInputBalham`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputBalham.json
- `AgGridInputBalhamDark`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputBalhamDark.json
- `AgGridInputMaterial`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputMaterial.json

### Events

##### All Blocks

- `onCellClick`: Trigger event when a cell is clicked and pass the following to `_event`:
  - `row: object`: Row data object.
  - `cell: object`: Cell data object.
  - `selected: object[]`: List of selected row objects.
  - `rowIndex: number`: List index of the clicked row.
  - `colId: string`: Column id of the clicked cell.
- `onRowClick`: Trigger event when a row is clicked and pass the following to `_event`:
  - `row: object`: Row data object.
  - `selected: object[]`: List of selected row objects.
  - `rowIndex: number`: List index of the clicked row.
- `onRowSelected`: Trigger event when a row is selected and pass the following to `_event`:
  - `row: object`: Row data object.
  - `selected: object[]`: List of selected row objects.
  - `rowIndex: number`: List index of the clicked row.
- `onSelectionChanged`: Triggered when the selected rows is changed and pass the following to `_event`:
  - `selected: object[]`: List of selected row objects.

##### Input Blocks

- `onCellValueChanged`: Triggered when a cell value is changed on the grid. The following is passed to the action `_event`:
  - `field: string`: The field name of the changed cell.
  - `newRowData: object[]`: The table data with the change applied.
  - `newValue: any`: The updated cell value.
  - `oldValue: any`: The cell value before the update was made.
  - `rowData: object`: The row data after the cell value has been changed.
  - `rowIndex: number`: Array index of the row for the changed cell.
- `onRowDragEnd`: Triggered when a row is dragged to another position in the grid. The following is passed to the action `_event`:
  - `fromData: object`: Row data of the row selection which to moved.
  - `fromIndex: number`: Array index of the row selection which to moved.
  - `newRowData: object[]`: The table data with the change applied.
  - `toData: object`: Row data of the row to which the selection will be moved.
  - `toIndex: number`: Array index of the row to which the selection will be moved.

### Methods

- `exportDataAsCsv`: When called, table data will be downloaded in csv format.

### AgGridAlpine Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              viewerReviews: 30
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              viewerReviews: 20
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Viewer Reviews
              field: viewerReviews
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
```

### AgGridAlpine valueFormatter: \_function Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              total: 300.21
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              total: 1230.9495
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Total
              field: total
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
              valueFormatter:
                _function:
                  __format.intlNumberFormat:
                    on:
                      __args: 0.value
                    params:
                      options:
                        style: 'currency'
                        currency: 'EUR'
```

### AgGridAlpine onRowClick Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              viewerReviews: 30
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              viewerReviews: 20
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Viewer Reviews
              field: viewerReviews
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
        events:
          onRowClick:
            - id: set_selected
              type: SetState
              params:
                selected_row: # Update 'selected' in state with the event data.
                  _event: row
      - id: selection
        type: Title
        properties:
          level: 4
          content:
            _if: # Show the event data in a title, or call to action.
              test:
                _eq:
                  - _state: selected_row
                  - null
              then: 'Click to select a row.'
              else:
                _string.concat:
                  - 'Title: '
                  - _state: selected_row.title
                  - ', Year: '
                  - _state: selected_row.year
```

### AgGridAlpine onCellClick Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              viewerReviews: 30
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              viewerReviews: 20
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Viewer Reviews
              field: viewerReviews
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
        events:
          onCellClick:
            - id: set_selected
              type: SetState
              params:
                selected_cell: # Update 'selected_cell' in state with the event cell data.
                  _event: cell
      - id: selection
        type: Title
        properties:
          level: 4
          content:
            _if: # Show the event data in a title, or call to action.
              test:
                _eq:
                  - _state: selected_cell.column
                  - title
              then:
                _string.concat:
                  - 'Title: '
                  - _state: selected_cell.value
              else: 'Select a movie title.'
```

### AgGridAlpine onRowSelected Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              viewerReviews: 30
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              viewerReviews: 20
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          rowSelection: 'multiple'
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
              checkboxSelection: true
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Viewer Reviews
              field: viewerReviews
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
        events:
          onRowSelected:
            - id: set_selected
              type: SetState
              params:
                selected_row: # Update 'selected' in state with the event data.
                  _event: row
                all_selected:
                  _event: selected
      - id: selection
        type: Title
        properties:
          level: 4
          content:
            _if: # Show the event data in a title, or call to action.
              test:
                _eq:
                  - _state: selected_row
                  - null
              then: 'Click to select a row.'
              else:
                _string.concat:
                  - 'Last Selected - Title: '
                  - _state: selected_row.title
                  - ', Year: '
                  - _state: selected_row.year
      - id: all_selected
        type: Title
        properties:
          level: 4
          content:
            _if: # Show the event data in a title, or call to action.
              test:
                _eq:
                  - _state: all_selected
                  - null
              then: 'Select rows.'
              else:
                _string.concat:
                  - 'Total Selected: '
                  - _array.length:
                      _state: all_selected
```

### AgGridAlpine onSelectionChanged Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              viewerReviews: 30
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              viewerReviews: 20
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          rowSelection: 'multiple'
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
              checkboxSelection: true
              headerCheckboxSelection: true
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Viewer Reviews
              field: viewerReviews
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
        events:
          onSelectionChanged:
            - id: set_selected
              type: SetState
              params:
                all_selected:
                  _event: selected
      - id: all_selected
        type: Title
        properties:
          level: 4
          content:
            _if: # Show the event data in a title, or call to action.
              test:
                _eq:
                  - _state: all_selected
                  - null
              then: 'Select rows.'
              else:
                _string.concat:
                  - 'Total Selected: '
                  - _array.length:
                      _state: all_selected
```

### AgGridAlpine editable cells Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: Download
        type: Button
        events:
          onClick:
            - id: download
              type: CallMethod
              params:
                blockId: table
                method: exportDataAsCsv
      - id: table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - a: zero
              b: 000
              c: AA
            - a: one
              b: 111
              c: BB
            - a: two
              b: 222
              c: CC
          columnDefs:
            - field: 'a'
            - field: 'b'
            - field: 'c'
```

### AgGridInputAlpine onRowDragMove Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridInputAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    events:
      onInit:
        - id: new
          type: SetState
          params:
            table:
              - a: zero
                b: 000
                c: AA
              - a: one
                b: 111
                c: BB
              - a: two
                b: 222
                c: CC
    blocks:
      - id: table
        type: AgGridInputAlpine
        properties:
          columnDefs:
            - field: 'a'
              rowDrag: true
            - field: 'b'
            - field: 'c'
            - field: 'd'
          defaultColDef:
            width: 170
            sortable: true
            filter: true
```

### AgGridInputAlpine editable cells Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridInputAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    events:
      onInit:
        - id: new
          type: SetState
          params:
            table:
              - a: zero
                b: 000
                c: AA
              - a: one
                b: 111
                c: BB
              - a: two
                b: 222
                c: CC
    blocks:
      - id: table
        type: AgGridInputAlpine
        properties:
          columnDefs:
            - field: 'a'
            - field: 'b'
            - field: 'c'
              cellEditor: 'agSelectCellEditor'
              cellEditorParams:
                values: ['AA', 'BB', 'CC', 'DD']
          defaultColDef:
            width: 170
            sortable: true
            filter: true
            editable: true
```

## Other Lowdefy Blocks Packages

- [@lowdefy/blocks-template](https://github.com/lowdefy/blocks-template): Lowdefy template for creating blocks.
- [@lowdefy/blocks-basic](https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/tree/main/packages/blocks/blocksBasic): Official Lowdefy blocks some basic Html elements.
- [@lowdefy/blocks-antd](https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/tree/main/packages/blocks/blocksAntd): Official Lowdefy blocks for [Antd design](https://ant.design/).
- [@lowdefy/blocks-color-selectors](https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/tree/main/packages/blocks/blocksColorSelectorsd): Official Lowdefy blocks for [react-color](https://casesandberg.github.io/react-color/).
- [@lowdefy/blocks-markdown](https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/tree/main/packages/blocks/blocksMarkdown): Official Lowdefy blocks to render Markdown.
- [@lowdefy/blocks-amcharts](https://github.com/lowdefy/blocks-amcharts): Lowdefy blocks to render [AmCharts v4](https://www.amcharts.com/).

## More Lowdefy resources

- Getting started with Lowdefy - https://docs.lowdefy.com/tutorial-start
- Lowdefy docs - https://docs.lowdefy.com
- Lowdefy website - https://lowdefy.com
- Community forum - https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/discussions
- Bug reports and feature requests - https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/issues

## Licence

[Apache-2.0](https://github.com/lowdefy/blocks-amcharts/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: Add onFilterChanged event.
Closes TECHMRM/lowdefy#33

README.md, after:

# Lowdefy Blocks for Ag-Grid

This repository provides blocks for [Ag-Grid](https://www.ag-grid.com/), a feature rich javascript grid and table library.

The implementation of these blocks is a minimal wrapper for the [@ag-grid-community/core
](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@ag-grid-community/core) package. This means you write normal Ag-Grid config to create tables.

See the [Ag-Grid docs](https://www.ag-grid.com/documentation/react/getting-started/) for the table settings API.

## Blocks

Block types for supported [Ag-Grid themes](https://www.ag-grid.com/documentation/javascript/themes-provided/) are available for for `dispay` and `input` block categories.

### Block type Urls

The block types are hosted at:

- `AgGridAlpine`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
- `AgGridAlpineDark`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpineDark.json
- `AgGridBalham`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridBalham.json
- `AgGridBalhamDark`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridBalhamDark.json
- `AgGridMaterial`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridMaterial.json
- `AgGridInputAlpine`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputAlpine.json
- `AgGridInputAlpineDark`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputAlpineDark.json
- `AgGridInputBalham`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputBalham.json
- `AgGridInputBalhamDark`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputBalhamDark.json
- `AgGridInputMaterial`: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputMaterial.json

### Events

##### All Blocks

- `onCellClick`: Trigger event when a cell is clicked and pass the following to `_event`:
  - `row: object`: Row data object.
  - `cell: object`: Cell data object.
  - `selected: object[]`: List of selected row objects.
  - `rowIndex: number`: List index of the clicked row.
  - `colId: string`: Column id of the clicked cell.
- `onFilterChanged`: Trigger event when the filter changes and pass the following to `_event`:
  - `rows: object[]`: List of row objects matched by the filter.
- `onRowClick`: Trigger event when a row is clicked and pass the following to `_event`:
  - `row: object`: Row data object.
  - `selected: object[]`: List of selected row objects.
  - `rowIndex: number`: List index of the clicked row.
- `onRowSelected`: Trigger event when a row is selected and pass the following to `_event`:
  - `row: object`: Row data object.
  - `selected: object[]`: List of selected row objects.
  - `rowIndex: number`: List index of the clicked row.
- `onSelectionChanged`: Triggered when the selected rows is changed and pass the following to `_event`:
  - `selected: object[]`: List of selected row objects.

##### Input Blocks

- `onCellValueChanged`: Triggered when a cell value is changed on the grid. The following is passed to the action `_event`:
  - `field: string`: The field name of the changed cell.
  - `newRowData: object[]`: The table data with the change applied.
  - `newValue: any`: The updated cell value.
  - `oldValue: any`: The cell value before the update was made.
  - `rowData: object`: The row data after the cell value has been changed.
  - `rowIndex: number`: Array index of the row for the changed cell.
- `onRowDragEnd`: Triggered when a row is dragged to another position in the grid. The following is passed to the action `_event`:
  - `fromData: object`: Row data of the row selection which to moved.
  - `fromIndex: number`: Array index of the row selection which to moved.
  - `newRowData: object[]`: The table data with the change applied.
  - `toData: object`: Row data of the row to which the selection will be moved.
  - `toIndex: number`: Array index of the row to which the selection will be moved.

### Methods

- `exportDataAsCsv`: When called, table data will be downloaded in csv format.

### AgGridAlpine Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              viewerReviews: 30
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              viewerReviews: 20
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Viewer Reviews
              field: viewerReviews
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
```

### AgGridAlpine valueFormatter: \_function Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              total: 300.21
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              total: 1230.9495
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Total
              field: total
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
              valueFormatter:
                _function:
                  __format.intlNumberFormat:
                    on:
                      __args: 0.value
                    params:
                      options:
                        style: 'currency'
                        currency: 'EUR'
```

### AgGridAlpine onRowClick Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              viewerReviews: 30
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              viewerReviews: 20
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Viewer Reviews
              field: viewerReviews
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
        events:
          onRowClick:
            - id: set_selected
              type: SetState
              params:
                selected_row: # Update 'selected' in state with the event data.
                  _event: row
      - id: selection
        type: Title
        properties:
          level: 4
          content:
            _if: # Show the event data in a title, or call to action.
              test:
                _eq:
                  - _state: selected_row
                  - null
              then: 'Click to select a row.'
              else:
                _string.concat:
                  - 'Title: '
                  - _state: selected_row.title
                  - ', Year: '
                  - _state: selected_row.year
```

### AgGridAlpine onCellClick Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              viewerReviews: 30
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              viewerReviews: 20
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Viewer Reviews
              field: viewerReviews
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
        events:
          onCellClick:
            - id: set_selected
              type: SetState
              params:
                selected_cell: # Update 'selected_cell' in state with the event cell data.
                  _event: cell
      - id: selection
        type: Title
        properties:
          level: 4
          content:
            _if: # Show the event data in a title, or call to action.
              test:
                _eq:
                  - _state: selected_cell.column
                  - title
              then:
                _string.concat:
                  - 'Title: '
                  - _state: selected_cell.value
              else: 'Select a movie title.'
```

### AgGridAlpine onRowSelected Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              viewerReviews: 30
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              viewerReviews: 20
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          rowSelection: 'multiple'
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
              checkboxSelection: true
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Viewer Reviews
              field: viewerReviews
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
        events:
          onRowSelected:
            - id: set_selected
              type: SetState
              params:
                selected_row: # Update 'selected' in state with the event data.
                  _event: row
                all_selected:
                  _event: selected
      - id: selection
        type: Title
        properties:
          level: 4
          content:
            _if: # Show the event data in a title, or call to action.
              test:
                _eq:
                  - _state: selected_row
                  - null
              then: 'Click to select a row.'
              else:
                _string.concat:
                  - 'Last Selected - Title: '
                  - _state: selected_row.title
                  - ', Year: '
                  - _state: selected_row.year
      - id: all_selected
        type: Title
        properties:
          level: 4
          content:
            _if: # Show the event data in a title, or call to action.
              test:
                _eq:
                  - _state: all_selected
                  - null
              then: 'Select rows.'
              else:
                _string.concat:
                  - 'Total Selected: '
                  - _array.length:
                      _state: all_selected
```

### AgGridAlpine onSelectionChanged Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: my_table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - title: One
              year: 2010
              viewerReviews: 30
            - title: Two
              year: 2011
              viewerReviews: 20
          defaultColDef:
            sortable: true
            resizable: true
            filter: true
          rowSelection: 'multiple'
          columnDefs:
            - headerName: Title
              field: title
              width: 350
              checkboxSelection: true
              headerCheckboxSelection: true
            - headerName: Year
              field: year
              width: 100
            - headerName: Viewer Reviews
              field: viewerReviews
              width: 160
              type: numericColumn
        events:
          onSelectionChanged:
            - id: set_selected
              type: SetState
              params:
                all_selected:
                  _event: selected
      - id: all_selected
        type: Title
        properties:
          level: 4
          content:
            _if: # Show the event data in a title, or call to action.
              test:
                _eq:
                  - _state: all_selected
                  - null
              then: 'Select rows.'
              else:
                _string.concat:
                  - 'Total Selected: '
                  - _array.length:
                      _state: all_selected
```

### AgGridAlpine editable cells Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    blocks:
      - id: Download
        type: Button
        events:
          onClick:
            - id: download
              type: CallMethod
              params:
                blockId: table
                method: exportDataAsCsv
      - id: table
        type: AgGridAlpine
        properties:
          rowData:
            - a: zero
              b: 000
              c: AA
            - a: one
              b: 111
              c: BB
            - a: two
              b: 222
              c: CC
          columnDefs:
            - field: 'a'
            - field: 'b'
            - field: 'c'
```

### AgGridInputAlpine onRowDragMove Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridInputAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    events:
      onInit:
        - id: new
          type: SetState
          params:
            table:
              - a: zero
                b: 000
                c: AA
              - a: one
                b: 111
                c: BB
              - a: two
                b: 222
                c: CC
    blocks:
      - id: table
        type: AgGridInputAlpine
        properties:
          columnDefs:
            - field: 'a'
              rowDrag: true
            - field: 'b'
            - field: 'c'
            - field: 'd'
          defaultColDef:
            width: 170
            sortable: true
            filter: true
```

### AgGridInputAlpine editable cells Example

```yaml
name: my-app
lowdefy: 3.12.3
types:
  AgGridInputAlpine:
    url: https://blocks-cdn.lowdefy.com/v3.12.3/blocks-aggrid/meta/AgGridInputAlpine.json
pages:
  - id: dashboard
    type: PageHeaderMenu
    events:
      onInit:
        - id: new
          type: SetState
          params:
            table:
              - a: zero
                b: 000
                c: AA
              - a: one
                b: 111
                c: BB
              - a: two
                b: 222
                c: CC
    blocks:
      - id: table
        type: AgGridInputAlpine
        properties:
          columnDefs:
            - field: 'a'
            - field: 'b'
            - field: 'c'
              cellEditor: 'agSelectCellEditor'
              cellEditorParams:
                values: ['AA', 'BB', 'CC', 'DD']
          defaultColDef:
            width: 170
            sortable: true
            filter: true
            editable: true
```

## Other Lowdefy Blocks Packages

- [@lowdefy/blocks-template](https://github.com/lowdefy/blocks-template): Lowdefy template for creating blocks.
- [@lowdefy/blocks-basic](https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/tree/main/packages/blocks/blocksBasic): Official Lowdefy blocks some basic Html elements.
- [@lowdefy/blocks-antd](https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/tree/main/packages/blocks/blocksAntd): Official Lowdefy blocks for [Antd design](https://ant.design/).
- [@lowdefy/blocks-color-selectors](https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/tree/main/packages/blocks/blocksColorSelectorsd): Official Lowdefy blocks for [react-color](https://casesandberg.github.io/react-color/).
- [@lowdefy/blocks-markdown](https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/tree/main/packages/blocks/blocksMarkdown): Official Lowdefy blocks to render Markdown.
- [@lowdefy/blocks-amcharts](https://github.com/lowdefy/blocks-amcharts): Lowdefy blocks to render [AmCharts v4](https://www.amcharts.com/).

## More Lowdefy resources

- Getting started with Lowdefy - https://docs.lowdefy.com/tutorial-start
- Lowdefy docs - https://docs.lowdefy.com
- Lowdefy website - https://lowdefy.com
- Community forum - https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/discussions
- Bug reports and feature requests - https://github.com/lowdefy/lowdefy/issues

## Licence

[Apache-2.0](https://github.com/lowdefy/blocks-amcharts/blob/main/LICENSE)
